README.md, before:

# 🚀 Simple Frontend Application

## ✨ About This Project  
This project started when I was asked by a company to create a **login page with some UI components** for a frontend job. Even though I didn’t get the job, I continued working on it and **perfected the implementation**.  

### Purpose  
This project serves as both a **showcase of my skills** and a **personal CV website**. It provides information about my **experience, projects, and expertise** while also demonstrating my frontend development abilities.  

It is a **simple yet functional application** that includes:  
- 🔹 **Authentication** using Firebase  
- 🔹 **Real-time data fetching** with Firebase  
- 🔹 **Modern UI components** with Nuxt UI  
- 🔹 **State management** using Pinia  

## Tech Stack  
- **Vue 3** & **Nuxt 3** - Modern frontend framework  
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling  
- **Nuxt UI** - Pre-built UI components  
- **Pinia** - Lightweight state management  
- **Firebase** - Authentication & real-time database 

## Setup & Installation
Make sure to install the required dependencies before running the project.

```bash
# npm
cd frontend 
npm install
```


## Dev server
Run the following command to start the dev server on http://localhost:3000

```bash 
#npm 
npm run dev
```

## 🔑 Login Credentials
To test the authentication system, you can log in with:

**Email: mariam_alfarra@hotmail.com**
**Password: test12345**


## 📌 Features
✔ User authentication with Firebase
✔ Real-time data fetching
✔ Form validation & error handling
✔ Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
✔ State management with Pinia
✔ Showcases my CV details and projects
✔ Clean & simple Nuxt 3 structure


## 💡 Why This Project?
This project started as a simple challenge, but it became a great learning experience. It showcases my skills in Vue 3, Nuxt 3, Tailwind CSS, Firebase, and Pinia, demonstrating how to build a clean and scalable frontend app.

Commit message:

added .env file for firebase keys

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Simple Frontend Application

## ✨ About This Project  
This project started when I was asked by a company to create a **login page with some UI components** for a frontend job. Even though I didn’t get the job, I continued working on it and **perfected the implementation**.  

### Purpose  
This project serves as both a **showcase of my skills** and a **personal CV website**. It provides information about my **experience, projects, and expertise** while also demonstrating my frontend development abilities.  

It is a **simple yet functional application** that includes:  
- 🔹 **Authentication** using Firebase  
- 🔹 **Real-time data fetching** with Firebase  
- 🔹 **Modern UI components** with Nuxt UI  
- 🔹 **State management** using Pinia  

## Tech Stack  
- **Vue 3** & **Nuxt 3** - Modern frontend framework  
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling  
- **Nuxt UI** - Pre-built UI components  
- **Pinia** - Lightweight state management  
- **Firebase** - Authentication & real-time database 

## Setup & Installation
Make sure to install the required dependencies before running the project.

```bash
# npm
cd frontend 
npm install
```
Make sure you create a .env file , and the data from the .env.example file

## Dev server
Run the following command to start the dev server on http://localhost:3000

```bash 
#npm 
npm run dev
```

## 🔑 Login Credentials
To test the authentication system, you can log in with:

**Email: mariam_alfarra@hotmail.com**
**Password: test12345**


## 📌 Features
✔ User authentication with Firebase
✔ Real-time data fetching
✔ Form validation & error handling
✔ Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
✔ State management with Pinia
✔ Showcases my CV details and projects
✔ Clean & simple Nuxt 3 structure


## 💡 Why This Project?
This project started as a simple challenge, but it became a great learning experience. It showcases my skills in Vue 3, Nuxt 3, Tailwind CSS, Firebase, and Pinia, demonstrating how to build a clean and scalable frontend app.
